CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
This Confidentiality Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made by and between ACME. dba ToTheMoon, Inc., with
offices at 2025 Guadalupe St. Suite 260, Austin TX, 78705 and StarWars dba ToTheMars, with offices at the forest
moon of Endor and entered as of May 3, 2023 (“Effective Date”).
In consideration of the business discussions, disclosure of Confidential Information and any future business relationship
between the parties, it is hereby agreed as follows:
1. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Confidential Information” shall
mean any information, business plan, concept, idea, know-how, process, technique, program, design, formula, algorithm
or  work-in-process,  Request  for  Proposal  (RFP)  or  Request  for  Information  (RFI)  and  any  responses  thereto,
engineering,  manufacturing,  marketing,  technical,  financial,  data,  or  sales  information,  or  information  regarding
suppliers,  customers,  employees,  investors,  or  business  operations,  and  other  information  or  materials,  whether
disclosed in written, graphic, oral, or electronic form, whether tangible or intangible and in whatever form or medium
provided, or which is learned or disclosed in the course of discussions, studies, or other work undertaken between the
parties prior to or after the Effective Date.
2. NEED TO KNOW.  The receiving party shall limit its disclosure of the other party’s Confidential Information to
those  of  its  officers  and  employees  and  subcontractors  (i)  to  which  such  disclosure  is  necessary for  purposes  of  the
discussions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  and  (ii)  who  have  agreed in  writing  to  be  bound  by  provisions  no  less
restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement.
3. JOINT UNDERTAKING.  Each party agrees that it will not at any time disclose, give, or transmit in any manner
or for any purpose, the Confidential Information received from the other party to any person, firm or corporation or use
such Confidential Information for its own benefit or the benefit of anyone else, or for any purpose other than to engage
in  discussions  regarding  a  possible  business  relationship  or  the  current  business  relationship  involving  both  parties.
Each party shall take all reasonable measures to preserve the confidentiality and avoid the disclosure of the other party’s
Confidential Information including, but not limited to, those steps taken with respect to the party’s own Confidential
Information of like importance.  Neither party shall disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any software
product  of the other party and, to the extent any such activity may  be  permitted, the results thereof shall be deemed
Confidential Information subject to the requirements of this Agreement.
4. RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  Upon request of the other party, termination of the discussions
regarding  a  business  relationship  between the  parties,  or  termination  of  the  current  business  relationship, each  party
shall promptly destroy or deliver to the other party any and all documents, notes, and other physical embodiments of or
reflecting  the  Confidential  Information  (including  any  copies  thereof)  that  are  in  their  possession  or  control.    Upon
request of a party, a responsible officer of the other party shall provide written certification of the completeness of the
delivery or destruction of such materials.
5. NON CONVEYANCE.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as conveying to either party (i) any right, title
or interests or copyright in or to any Confidential Information of the other party or (ii) any license as to use, sell, exploit,
copy or further develop any such Confidential Information.
6. EXCLUDED INFORMATION.  The parties agree that Confidential Information of the other party shall not include
any information to the extent that the information: (i) is, or at any time becomes, a part of the public domain through no
act or omission of the receiving party; (ii) is independently discovered or developed by the receiving party without use
of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information; (iii) is rightfully obtained from a third party without
any obligation of confidentiality; or (iv) is already known by the receiving party without any obligation of confidentiality
prior to obtaining the Confidential Information from the disclosing party.  The receiving party shall not be liable for
disclosure of Confidential Information if made in response to a valid order of a court or authorized agency of government
provided that notice is promptly given to the disclosing party so that a protective order may be sought and other efforts
employed to minimize the required disclosure.  The receiving party shall cooperate with the disclosing party in seeking
the protective order and engaging in such other efforts.
7. REMEDIES.  A violation of this Agreement by either party could cause irreparable injury to the other party and, as
there is no adequate remedy at law for such violation, the non-breaching party may, in addition to any other remedies
available to it at law or in equity, seek injunctive relief for violating or threatening to violate this Agreement.
8. NO COMMITMENT.  This Agreement does not in any way bind the parties to enter into a business relationship of
any nature with the other.  Nothing herein or any other verbal representations made by either party shall be construed
as a binding commitment to establish a business relationship.  Except for a breach of this Agreement, neither party shall
have  any  liability  to  the  other  if  the  parties  do  not  establish  a  business  relationship  that  is  expressed  in  writing  and
expressly stated to be legally binding.
9. FEES.  In the event any action, including arbitration, is brought to enforce any provision of this Agreement, or to
declare a breach of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover, in addition to any other amounts
awarded, reasonable attorney’s fees and other related costs and expenses.
10. NON ASSIGNMENT.  Neither party may assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights hereunder to any
third party without the prior written consent of the other party, provided that such consent shall not be required if either
party assigns this Agreement in connection with a merger, acquisition, joint venture or sale of all or substantially all
of its assets.
11. NON  DISCLOSURE  OF  DISCUSSIONS.    Each  party  agrees  that,  in  addition  to  the  other
confidentiality obligations hereunder, it will not disclose to any third party that it is having any discussions with the
other party with respect to establishing a business relationship.
12. ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.    This  Agreement  constitutes  the  entire  agreement  with  respect  to  the  subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties (whether written or oral)
relating to the subject matter and may not be amended or modified except in a writing signed by an authorized
representative of both parties.  The terms of this Agreement relating to the confidentiality and non-use of Confidential
Information shall continue  after  the  termination  of  this  Agreement  for  a  period  of  the  longer  of  (i)  five  (5)  years
or  (ii)  when  the Confidential Information no longer qualifies as a trade secret under applicable law.
13. SEVERABILITY.    Each  party  acknowledges  that  should  any  provision of  this  Agreement  be  determined  to
be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall not affect
the remaining provisions hereof which shall remain in full force and effect.
14. GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be construed for all purposes in accordance with the laws of the
State of Texas without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of any state or jurisdiction.  Any action or suit related
to this Agreement shall be brought in Austin, Texas and each party hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such
courts.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the latest date
set forth below: